README.md, before:

# Job Search Assistant

> Leverage job board scraping and LinkedIn data to identify and rank remote jobs based on Taiwan team presence

Find remote jobs at companies with team members in Taiwan using automated scraping and LinkedIn enrichment.

## 🚀 Status: Phases 1 & 2 Implemented

- ✅ **Phase 1**: Indeed job scraping with deduplication
- ✅ **Phase 2**: LinkedIn enrichment with People Data Labs/Coresignal integration
- 📋 **Phase 3**: Multi-board support (coming soon)

## Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install Playwright browsers
playwright install chromium

# Configure API keys
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env and add your PEOPLEDATALABS_API_KEY or CORESIGNAL_API_KEY
```

### Usage Examples

```bash
# Search for jobs
python main.py search "senior software engineer" --max-results 50

# Enrich with LinkedIn data (requires API key)
python main.py enrich --service peopledatalabs --max-jobs 20

# List enriched jobs with Taiwan teams
python main.py list --min-taiwan-team 1 --enriched-only
```

## Features

### Phase 1: Job Scraping ✅
- Indeed scraper using Playwright
- Smart deduplication (3 strategies)
- SQLite database storage
- Rich CLI with tables
- CSV export

### Phase 2: LinkedIn Enrichment ✅
- Company profile enrichment
- Taiwan team member identification
- Intelligent caching (70-90% cost savings)
- Multi-factor ranking algorithm
- Support for People Data Labs & Coresignal APIs

## Documentation

See comprehensive documentation in `README_IMPLEMENTATION.md` and design specs in `specs/` directory:
- `specs/system-design.md` - Full architecture and tech stack
- `specs/service-comparison.md` - API service comparisons
- `specs/implementation-techniques.md` - Code patterns from open-source projects

## Cost

- **Phase 1 only**: $0/month
- **Phase 2 with free tier**: $0/month (100 jobs via People Data Labs)
- **Phase 2 production**: $49-79/month (200-500 jobs)

Commit message:

Expand geography search to include China, Singapore, and Hong Kong
Extended the job search assistant to identify team members across multiple
Asia countries (Taiwan, China, Singapore, Hong Kong) instead of Taiwan only.

Key changes:
- Updated Coresignal API: renamed get_employees_in_taiwan() to
  get_employees_in_asia() with support for multiple countries
- Updated People Data Labs API: renamed search_employees_in_taiwan() to
  search_employees_in_asia() with multi-country search
- Enhanced city extraction to recognize major cities in China, Singapore,
  and Hong Kong
- Updated ranking configuration to include preferred cities from all
  target countries
- Updated documentation and comments to reflect expanded geography
- Maintained backward compatibility by keeping existing field names
  (taiwan_team_count, taiwan_employee_count) but expanded their meaning

All existing database fields and environment variables remain unchanged
for backward compatibility. The semantics now cover the broader Asia
region while maintaining the same API surface.

README.md, after:

# Job Search Assistant

> Leverage job board scraping and LinkedIn data to identify and rank remote jobs based on Asia team presence

Find remote jobs at companies with team members in Asia (Taiwan, China, Singapore, Hong Kong) using automated scraping and LinkedIn enrichment.

## 🚀 Status: Phases 1 & 2 Implemented

- ✅ **Phase 1**: Indeed job scraping with deduplication
- ✅ **Phase 2**: LinkedIn enrichment with People Data Labs/Coresignal integration
- 📋 **Phase 3**: Multi-board support (coming soon)

## Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install Playwright browsers
playwright install chromium

# Configure API keys
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env and add your PEOPLEDATALABS_API_KEY or CORESIGNAL_API_KEY
```

### Usage Examples

```bash
# Search for jobs
python main.py search "senior software engineer" --max-results 50

# Enrich with LinkedIn data (requires API key)
python main.py enrich --service peopledatalabs --max-jobs 20

# List enriched jobs with Asia teams
python main.py list --min-taiwan-team 1 --enriched-only
```

## Features

### Phase 1: Job Scraping ✅
- Indeed scraper using Playwright
- Smart deduplication (3 strategies)
- SQLite database storage
- Rich CLI with tables
- CSV export

### Phase 2: LinkedIn Enrichment ✅
- Company profile enrichment
- Asia team member identification (Taiwan, China, Singapore, Hong Kong)
- Intelligent caching (70-90% cost savings)
- Multi-factor ranking algorithm
- Support for People Data Labs & Coresignal APIs

## Documentation

See comprehensive documentation in `README_IMPLEMENTATION.md` and design specs in `specs/` directory:
- `specs/system-design.md` - Full architecture and tech stack
- `specs/service-comparison.md` - API service comparisons
- `specs/implementation-techniques.md` - Code patterns from open-source projects

## Cost

- **Phase 1 only**: $0/month
- **Phase 2 with free tier**: $0/month (100 jobs via People Data Labs)
- **Phase 2 production**: $49-79/month (200-500 jobs)
